Add ADOPTERS.md (#5350)
quarkusio/quarkus: ADOPTERS.md

ADOPTERS
========

PUBLIC REFERENCES
-----------------

> This document lists the organization names that use Quarkus based on public information available in blog posts and videos. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document lists the organizations that use Quarkus based on public information available in blog posts and videos. 
```

Reviewer: This change feels more natural to me, but I'm not an English native speaker so maybe the original version is better.

> If organizations would like get added or removed please make a PR and follow these rules to comply with legal: 

Reviewer 2: I'd rephrase slightly:

```
If any organization would like get added or removed please make a pull request, and follow these guidelines:
```

(changed organizations from plural form, and omitting "comply with legal" which sounds scary - it's just guidelines anyway)

> * Do not include the logo

Reviewer 2: would be best to clarify which logo, e.g. not referring to the Quarkus one.

```
Please don't include your organization's logo or other trademarked material
```

> * Add a reference (link to a public blog post, video, slides, etc) mentioning that Quarkus is used

Reviewer 2: What if there is no public blog post/video/etc..? I think it should be clear it's optional: we do like to have blogposts, but let's not make the barrier too high?

Author: I'm afraid that legal might not like having no factual/public proof about Quarkus, that's why I made it required.

Reviewer 2: If it's people from organization X claiming they use it, there's no reason to not accept such a pull request - it's their patch after all, so their own word.

Reviewer 3: the PR to add it or zulip chats with the claims should be good too.

Author: Any suggestions on how to reword that properly?
